Repository of the "C++ Full Course for free⚡️", of "Bro Code" channel in YouTube

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TkoO8Z07hI

Expectations:
    I hope to learn more about algorithms, understand middle-level development and be able to create projects with c++ technology

Annotations:
    namespace:
        Provides a solution for preventing name conflicts in large projects. Each entity needs a unique name.
        A namespace allows for identically named entities as long as the namespace are different.


Typedef : 
    reserved keyword used to create an additional name for another data type.
    New identifier for an existing type 
    Helps with readability and reduces typos
    Can be replaced with 'using' (work better with templates)

Input and Output:
    Use cin to get user's input (only one word)
    if it has more than one word, use std::getline()
    Ex.
        std::getline(std::cin >> std::ws, {variable});
    For output, use std::cout like: 
        std::cout <<"Hello"<<"/n"
    
Cmath -> https://cplusplus.com/reference/cmath/

Ternary operator: condition ? expression_for_truth : expression_for_false;

Useful string methods: 
    string.length() - length of a string;
    string.empty() - return if the string is empty;
    string.clear() - clear an string;
    string.append(element) - add a element at the end of the string;
    string.at(index) - return the element in the index position on the string;
    string.insert(index, element) - put a new element in the index position
        without taking off the anterior element;
    string.find(element) - return the index of the first element founded in the 
        search;
    string.erase(startIndex, endIndex) - removes all elements between startIndex 
        and endIndex 

break: break out of a loop;
continue: skip current iteration;
random number generation: use{
    srand(time(NULL));
    
    rand() % x + 1;
} -> generates a number between 1 and x;

Arrays can only contain values of the same type, like int, or string:
    int array[] = {"one", 2, "tree"}; <- You can't do this.
    int array[] = {0,1,2}; <- But, you can do this.

Array is a static data structure, and because of this, you need to provide the size of an array, or put all the data inside the declaration, like:
    int array[5];
    int array[] = {0, 1, 2, 3, 4};
You can't do this:
    int array[2];
    array[2] = 4; <- the index 2 is outside of the array size.


To get the size (in bytes) of an array, variable, data type, class, objects, etc, use:
    sizeof(x);
    **To get the total index of an array, do:
        sizeof(array)/sizeof(typeOfArray);

For each loop:
    Like in Python and Java, the 'foreach loop' is used to iterate over the elements of a containers (array, vectors etc) quickly without performing initialization, testing and increment/decrement, like:
        int numbers[] = {0, 1, 2, 3, 4};
        for(int number : numbers){}

fill() -> Fills a range of elements with a specified value, like:
    fill(begin, end, value);

toupper() -> Makes a lowercase character become an uppercase one:
    toupper('a'): to be 'A'

Pass by value: Create a copy of the argument, without modify the original value.
    In other words, the compiler creates new variables, with different addresses;
    It's the most common ways to use the variables;
Pass by reference: Don't create copies, the variable can be modify.
    For use this, put on '&' before the variable name, like:
        double square(double &x);

Pointers -> Variable that stores a memory address of another variable.      
    Sometimes it's easier to work with an address.
    & = address-of operator;
    * = dereference operator;
    nullptr: keyword represents a null pointer literal. Nullptrs are helpful when determining if an address was successfully assigned to a pointer.

Dynamic memory -> Memory that is allocated after the program is already compiled
    and running. Use the 'new' operator to allocate memory in the heap rather than the stack.
    Useful when we don't know how much memory we will need. Makes our programs more flexible, especially when accepting user input.
        PAY ATTENTION: When we use 'new', it's good practice to use 'delete' when   
            the variable is no longer needed;

Recursion -> It's a programming technique where a function invokes itself from
    within break a complex concept into a repeatable single step;
    advantages: less code and is cleaner, useful for sorting and searching
        algorithms;
    disadvantages: uses more memory and it's slower;

Function template = describes what a function looks like.
    Can be used to generate as many overload function as needed,
    each one using different data types.

struct -> A structure that group related variables under one name
    structs can contain many different data types (string, int, double, etc)
    variables in a struct are know as "members"
    members can be access with . "Class Member Access Operation

Enums -> a user-defined data type that consists of paired name-integer constants.
    Great if you gabe a set of potencial options;

____________________________________________________________________________________
                            Object Oriented Programming                             

object -> A collection of attributes and methods;
    They can have characteristics and could perform actions;
    Can be used to mimic real world items (ex. Phone, Book, Dog);
    Created from a class which acts as a "blue-print";

constructor -> special method that is automatically called when an object is 
    instantiated;
    useful for assigning value to attributes as arguments;

Abstraction -> hiding unnecessary data from outside a class;
Getter -> function that makes a private attribute Readable;
Setter -> function that makes a private attribute Writable;

Inheritance -> A class can receive attributes and methods form another class;
    Children classed inherit from a Parent class;
    Helps to reuse similar code found within multiple classes;
    Ex. class Dog: public Animal{};